Alright, now I want us to go around the circle,
and I want us each to say our names,
and then something about ours-
something interesting about yourselves,
'cause none of us know each other yet,
so none of us care.
My name is Claire Atlas.
I have been acting since my first ultrasound, and I
am only two projects away from being SAG eligible.
Poor thing! I started sagging way later in life.
Hi, I'm Elyse.
And I'm not just an influencer.
I'm a vlogger, makeup guru, and ASMR-tist.
[EVERYONE (unenthusiastically)]
wow, wow...
And now I'm in this class, 'cause my agent thinks
I'm ready to start doing something substantial.
This is my nana Mazey.
She's always wanted to take an acting... Hey.
...always wanted to take an acting class,
and we figured out she doesn't
have much time left, so...
[VIDEO GAMING NOISES]
...so I signed her up.
I also sell weed.
[STIFLED LAUGHTER]
[RIMMER]
Watch it, we got a cop in this class.
[THADDEUS]
Oh, laws don't apply to the stage.
[LAUGHTER CONTINUES]
[RIMMER]
No, they don't.
There are good cops, and there are bad cops.
I'm a cool cop.
And pretty soon, a cool actor.
I'm Mr. Rimmer, and it is my job
to make the camera love all of you.
All of you.
And so by the end of the semester,
you might not like me that much,
but God damn it, I'll make sure you can act like it.
[APPLAUSE]
Now, I want you all to look up there and say "hi"
to the two best stage hands this side of the 405.
I'm Jaime. I'll be teaching you how to suck less.
Or more, if that's what you're into.
i'm kaden.
i'm doing lights.
They get better, don't worry.
Now, first order of business.
I'm gonna teach each of you your typecast... s.
Ugh. I'm always the hot one.
Hey, you are only as hot as
other people think you are.
That's what typecasting is:
what do other people see when they see you?
They see a hot girl.
Well it's not all about you, dear, is it,
because everyone gets typecast, alright?
And I don't want anyone here to feel singled out,
so why don't we start with
going around and saying our pronouns,
because we might have a transgender in this class.
Yeah, we're not fucking doing that.
Yes, and that is ok– that's alright with me,
because I don't see gender anyway.
Well, I'm a girl.
And that is beautiful.
Okay, everyone, this is a safe space, okay?
I don't see penises or vaginas,
or race,
or age,
or, um...
[SNAPS FINGERS]
...what do they call you guys again?
Gingers.
Actually, that's offensive now.
Oh...
...my bad, sorry.
When can we skedaddle?
Stop.
When I say "skedaddle", how about that?
This is a very exclusive class, guys.
It's worth every minute, regardless of how many you have left.
No, this class is not exclusive.
It is e– there were five [__] slots left,
and you guys filled 'em.
I had to turned down Timothy "Sham-a-lay".
[POTENTIALLY GENUINE LAUGHTER]
Oh, haha, he said "slots".
Grow up, everyone.
I forgot the cop's name.
[OPENING THEME]
♬ Give me a camera to flirt with ♬
♬ an Oscar, I deserve it ♬
♬ the lights, ♬
♬ the fame, ♬
♬ the press, ♬
♬ this game, ♬
♬ I play it every day! ♬
Now, most screen acting classes have
you do different scenes from different movies.
In this class, we're doing
every scene from this movie.
A movie so bad, I guarantee
none of you have heard of it.
[ELYSE]
Oh, so it's like we're making a movie.
No, not at all, it's nothing like that, actually.
Get the [kcuf] out.
Sit down, I was acting.
Yeah, like a dick.
Alright, now I want you all to take a script,
skim it over, let me know what you think.
Yes, I know it's trash, but that's the challenge, right?
Seeing if you could sell this trash
as if it's as good as you.
[MAZEY]
But it's worse than me, and I'm dogshit!
[DESMOND]
Language.
[CLAIRE]
No, the witch is right.
This is clearly written by some damaged incel who–
[PRESTON BALL]
–spends the night with two hot girl demons
who are secretly trying to trap him
and kill him with sex and danger.
[LILLIAN BALL]
Why are the hot demons trying to...
[PRESTON BALL]
Hot girl demons, Mom.
[LILLIAN BALL]
...right.
Why are they trying to force themselves upon him?
[PRESTON BALL]
Because he ran out of chocolate!
[VICTOR BALL]
Which he...
[PRESTON BALL]
He was using to control them,
because they're females!
[VICTOR BALL]
[Kcuf].
[PRESTON BALL]
I've read you this script, like, five times!
[LILLIAN BALL]
Yes, but... this time, we're listening.
and shitting our pants.
[VICTOR BALL]
Son, do you think this is a good movie?
[PRESTON BALL]
I think it will carry on our family's name.
[VICTOR BALL]
Yes.
Straight to hell.
[PRESTON BALL]
You make this fucking movie, or I swear to God,
I will take it to your competitors!
[VICTOR BALL]
If Bezos finds out that hot trash
is from my bloodline,
[VICTOR BALL]
I'm positively fucked.
[PRESTON BALL]
I want it done by my birthday, or Bezos gets it!
[LILLIAN BALL]
Sweetheart! That's in three goddamn weeks!
[PRESTON BALL]
BY!
BY! MY!
[PRESTON BALL]
BY! MY! BIRTHDAY!
And whoever plays the main character
better be a fucking pro!
Lucky Desmond, you get to be the main character.
[DESMOND]
SHIT!
Yes, take that and use it!
And then, uh, Claire and the other one,
You two are gonna be the hot girl demons.
[ELYSE]
Cool! This is gonna be fun.
All this work to get grouped
in with a goddamn influencer.
Thaddeus, you're gonna be the cop character.
[THADDEUS]
Something tells me I got what it takes.
Nice, use that.
And Mazey, you're gonna be Desmond's mom.
[MAZEY]
I know his mom, and I'm not getting fat!
Alright, now why don't we
go ahead and just partner up.
[THADDEUS]
Oh, but there's five of us.
Perfect!
Now let's get to it, because if we go over time today,
I-
I am gonna-
I do charge more.
[ELYSE]
Claire, do you wanna be my partner?
[CLAIRE]
That'd be great.
[KCUF].
[MAZEY]
I need to partner with that man.
[DESMOND]
No, no, no.
Don't bother him, Grandma.
[MAZEY]
Why not? You're bothering me.
[THADDEUS]
Always room for more dogshit over here.
[THADDEUS SLOWLY REGRETS HIS DECISIONS]
[CLAIRE]
I'd just like to confirm that
no one will see this footage.
[CLAIRE]
This material could end our
careers before they start.
You have my word that not a soul outside
this room will ever see this movie.
(.           .)
I want you to take the week
and study these scenes with your partner.
I need this dialogue off book by next class.
And this is the exact moment when you leave.
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
Do I feel bad for using
these people to make a movie?
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
Do I feel bad for taking their money
for a class that isn't real? No.
'Cause if they're getting out
of it what they paid for,
I mean, isn't that as real as
Hollywood ever needs to be?
We did it, fellas.
We found everything we need
to make this movie happen.
We got a set.
We got a cast.
And one that's willing to
pay us to pull all this off!
[JAIME]
We're so intelligent!
[JAIME + RIMMER (chanting)]
[RICKY MAY STARES IN HORROR]
[RHODA MAY]
Tell me something good.
[RICKY MAY]
"Something good",
but that's not what I witnessed.
[RICKY MAY]
He's not teaching those kids how to act straight!
What is he teaching them?
How to act.
Gay,
Gay, gay,
Gay, gay, gay,
Gay, gay, gay, gay,
Gay, gay, gay, gay, gay!
That's what I think.
That's what I was thinking.
GET UP, YOU LITTLE PISSANT!
THESE LINES AREN'T GONNA BUTCHER THEMSELVES!
I might have made the mistake
of telling Jaime that I
(DESMOND)
don't have a scene partner.
(JAIME)
And?
(DESMOND)
And I'm the lead character,
I need somebody to rehearse
DESMOND: lines with, and
JAIME: Ah da da da da!
(JAIME)
Say no more.
(DESMOND)
Did you leave?
OH!
(DESMOND)
Fuck, how'd you get there so fast?
(JAIME)
I am covered in oil.
(DESMOND)
Sure.
(JAIME)
Now if we're doing this,
we're doing this my way.
(DESMOND)
Yes, sir.
GET UP,
GET UP, GET UP,
GET UP, GET UP, GET UP,
GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP,
GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP,
GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP,
GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP, GET UP,
LOUDER!
"These girls want my chocolate,
and I'm gonna put it in their mouths!"
EYES OFF THE [GNIKCUF] SCRIPT!
Well, I don't know the [gnikcuf] script!
You know, an actor told me the same thing once,
right after he said "Hi, I suck at my job!"
[KNOCKING]
[THADDEUS]
Police! Open up!
[DESMOND]
Grandma, you wanna get the door?
[MAZEY]
Can you please get it?
[DESMOND]
He's your scene partner, Grandma.
We went through this.
[MAZEY]
Christ on a crutch...
[JAIME]
Jesus Christ, dude. She's dying.
[DESMOND]
Apparently.
You'd think she'd move quicker.
Hey, scene partner. Ready to get off book?
Or we could play video games.
[ELYSE]
He better keep that chocolate coming,
or we will make him start coming...
[CLAIRE]
I'm not...
[ELYSE]
to death!
[CLAIRE]
I'm not buying this.
Actually, your line is "and I'm horny!"
I know my lines, babe.
I was giving you notes.
Oh, when did you send them?
Notes on your delivery.
You suck.
oh.
You're playing a hot girl demon,
but you're giving hot trash.
[CASH REGISTER SOUND]
Well, actually, those sounds you're hearing
would argue that I did phenomenally.
What are those sounds?
My donators.
YOU'RE FUCKING STREAMING THIS?!
What's up, backup stream? Today we're running
lines with my new best friend Claire
...toxic.
You know what I hate about you influencers?
You think being famous translates to talent.
If I'm not talented, how do I have sponsors?
I could take a dump and it'd get sponsored.
Well, I doubt your dump would be represented
by the Million Morris Agency.
There's no [gnikcuf] way.
Million Morris represents A-list actors,
and they let that dimwit on their roster?
There's only one way to get to the bottom of this.
And it will require some decent acting.
[RIMMER]
Oh, how are your lines coming, Claire Bear?
[CLAIRE]
I'm off to see if "Elyse" is a liar.
She claims to be represented
by the Million Morris Agency.
[RIMMER]
She is? Oh, thank God.
This thing could use some talented actors.
[CLAIRE]
Ugh.
[KADEN]
eugh. these eggs taste like dick.
[FRANK]
You know you have to pay for that.
[KADEN]
but i live here.
Yes, I'm letting them live
in my restaurant for free.
But I'm hoping a spot in his class opens up soon...
(RIMMER)
For the last time, you little goblin, we're full!
...and when it does, how could he
say no to his cool landlord? ꓷ:
[FRANK SLOWLY REGRETS HIS LIFE CHOICES]
[RICKY MAY]
I see one of them now and
she's in a terrible disguise.
[RHODA MAY]
Of course!
Gays love costumes.
[UNNAMED CHURCHGOER]
I'm straight.
[RICKY MAY]
And I'm snoopin'!
After his gay little class, I tracked Rimmer and
his goons down to this dumpy little neighborhood.
But in all the commotion, I... I somehow
got separated and lost 'em.
(RICKY MAY)
Dammit!
So I had to ask one of the locals.
(RICKY MAY)
Ma'am? Have you seen this person?
(LOCAL RESIDENT)
Yeah, that's that [tihs]head from the cafe over there.
He's ugly too.
(RICKY MAY)
That's the guy. Thank you!
(LOCAL RESIDENT)
Wait, you don't wanna go there.
He steams his laundry where you eat.
(RICKY MAY)
Gay!
[RICKY MAY]
We got him, sweet cheeks!
[RHODA MAY]
Now we just need to prove he's
doing gay shit in my theater...
[RHODA MAY]
and he'll be teaching from the streets.
Good evening, darling.
Eliza Del Mar, casting agent.
[RECEPTIONIST]
No, thank you. I do not speak
to people I have not heard of.
I'd be surprised if anyone in
this shithole had heard of me.
I'm looking for a client of yours.
Elyse Cameron? She's an influencer.
"Join me on my slime journey."
[YOUTUBE SHORTS BRAINROT BEGINS]
[RECEPTIONIST]
Eugh. How vile.
Trust and believe, darling.
She's not one of our actors.
Are you absolutely positive, darling?
[RECEPTIONIST]
I have worked here half my life,
and in all those ten years,
[RECEPTIONIST]
I have never seen acting as bad as that.
Oh, she's not acting. That's how she always is.
[RECEPTIONIST]
Those are decorative.
You're questioning what I
think acting is? I know acting.
"Oh my God, that's gorgeous."
[RECEPTIONIST]
Trust me honey, this is not authentic.
We only take authentic actors here.
Oh well.
I like to throw phones.
I've been to jail once.
[THADDEUS]
So which one am I?
[MAZEY]
The Asian one.
[DESMOND]
Here, hot girl 1.
Here, hot girl 2.
[DESMOND]
It's time for sex!
[JAIME]
YES! Yes, that was it! That was it!
[THADDEUS]
You know, maybe we should start memorizing lines.
[MAZEY]
Or we can get high.
For someone who's "always"
wanted to take an acting class,
she doesn't seem very
engaged in the material.
Her grandson, on the other hand,
now that mother[rekcuf] can act.
He should've been my scene partner.
[KADEN]
do you really think this class has
what it takes to pull off this movie?
[RIMMER]
Look, the fact that we found anyone
willing to even touch this movie,
[RIMMER]
let alone five of them, that's a blessing
in disguise right there. Also, checkmate.
[KADEN]
wait, what are we playing?
[JAIME]
Hey, I just got done coaching Desmond,
and guys, we have our [gnikcuf] lead.
[RIMMER]
See? Things are looking great!
We're gonna make this movie, and it's
gonna be the best thing I've ever–
[FRANK]
Hey... Alex?
[RIMMER]
WHAT, FRANK?! GODDAMMIT!
There's a customer who asked to speak with you.
[RIMMER]
Hi, I don't work here, you
can't just summon me like–
[RIMMER]
Mr. Ball!
[VICTOR BALL]
Keep your voice down! I would never eat here.
right, i'm sorry.
I need this movie done in less than three weeks.
Thr– haha!
Are you mad?
I will be, if I don't see a [gnikcuf] camera rolling.
You promised me any role I wanna play.
If I get this piece of shit done in three
weeks, I want that in perpetuity.
You have my word.
(.           .)
[CLAIRE]
You lying bitch!
[ELYSE]
Could you take your shoes off?
I take my shoes off for PEOPLE I RESPECT!
[ELYSE GASPS]
I don't need your respect. I respect myself.
Well, you shouldn't, because I just
went to Million Morris,
and not only have they never heard of you,
they think you're a terrible actor.
Alright, fine.
I just said they were my agency
so you'd take me seriously.
I am serious about acting. That's why I'm in this
class, and that's why I chose you to be my partner.
Well, maybe you're not...
[CASH REGISTER SOUND]
OH, COME ON!
[JAIME]
Three weeks? I'm sorry, are you [gnikcuf] kidding me?!
[RIMMER]
Yeah, there's no way we're
pulling this off. We are FUCKED.
[KADEN]
can i just go back to jail?
[FRANK]
Hey, uh, Alex?
[RIMMER, JAIME, KADEN]
WHAT, FRANK!??
[FRANK]
Someone else is asking for you.
[RIMMER]
Well, it better be for my [kcuf]in' autograph.
All right, who wants me?
[RICKY MAY]
I knew it!
[tihs].
What kind of acting teacher lives in a restaurant?
A hungry one.
I'm telling my wife everything, you LIAR!
[JAIME]
Alright sir, I think it's time for you to leave.
Agh, don't touch me!
Hi, I'm Jamie.
I'm...
straight!
I don't care what you are,
you are gorgeous.
[FRANK]
I think Cupid's arrow doth struck...
[JAIME]
Frank.
I am gonna put you through A FUCKING WALL.
[JAIME]
los angeles is a town full of
some pretty fuckin' weird people.
you know, a lot of them wanna
be famous for what they do,
and a lot of them wanna
be famous for who they are.
and a lot of them are willing to hurt themselves,
and everyone around them,
just to get a taste.
yeah, this place is full of weirdos.
but at the end of the day,
weird people need each other,
just like everyone else does.
and is it really that weird to
want fame in the first place?
eh, it's weird to me.
i'm just trying to get money and [yssup].
"Join me on my slime journey."
"How gorgeous."
"Oh my God, that's gorgeous."
"Gorgeous."
CLASS ACTS: EPISODE THREE ("Casting a Nightmare")
A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL SUBTITLES BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
IMPROVEMENTS BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX (https://github.com/raydeeux)
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS A LIVING DOCUMENT; CHANGES MAY BE MADE AT ANY TIME.
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? LATEST VERSIONS OF SUBTITLES?
GO TO https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
EDITED USING VSCODE AND TESTED WITH VLC MEDIA PLAYER
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/tlifLMNbTtA
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/